c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\bin\Debug\AZSCommand.exe.config
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\bin\Debug\AZSCommand.exe
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\bin\Debug\AZSCommand.pdb
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form1.resources
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.exe
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.pdb
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form2.resources
c:\users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form3.resources
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\bin\Debug\uk\AZSCommand.resources.dll
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form2.uk.resources
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form3.uk.resources
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\uk\AZSCommand.resources.dll
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form4.resources
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form5.resources
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form7.resources
C:\Users\dorda\onedrive\документы\visual studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\obj\Debug\AZSCommand.Form6.resources
C:\Users\dorda\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\bin\Debug\AZSCommand.mdf
C:\Users\dorda\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AZSCommand\AZSCommand\bin\Debug\AZSCommand_log.ldf
